.TH WEBUPD 8l "1 October r1.47
.SH NAME
.B webupd
- updates the 
.B awstats
statistics pages and the
.B dig
search indexes for an arbitrary number of websites on a remote server.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBwebupd\fR
[[\fB-c\fI <config_file>\fR]
[\fB-d\fR]
[[\fB-h\fR]|[\fB-s\fR]]
[\fB-v\fR]
\fI<host_name>\fR] |
[\fB-V\fR]
.SH AVAILABILITY
.B webupd
is a Bourne shell script which should work equally well on all versions of UNIX
and Linux.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
The
.B webupd
uses the 
.I <host_name> 
to look up the path to the web pages and the 
name of the configuration files for
.B dig
and
.BR awstats .
A
.B ssh
connection is made to
.I <host_name>
and the 
.B awstats perl
script
.B awstats.pl
is run to update the stats data set and generate static
web pages for each web site.
.LP
The 
.B dig
script
.B rundig
is then invoked to update the search data with any changes that have
been made to the web pages.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
\fB-c \fI<config_file>\fR
.br
Allows a configuration file to be identified on the command line rather than
using the default "\fI/usr/local/etc/webupd.cf\fR".
.TP 5
.B -d
Run in debug mode.
.TP 5
.B -h
Update \fIhtdig\fR only.
.TP 5
.B -s
Update \fIawstats\fR only.
.TP 5
.B -v
Run in verbose mode. 
.TP 5
.B -V
Print the version details to standard out and exit.
.SH FILES
.IR webupd.cf .

.SH EXAMPLES
.IP
.nf
.ft CW
webupd  caswallon-gw 
.ft R
.fi
.LP
The script will look for the configuration file in the default location
i.e. \fI/usr/local/etc/webupd.cf\fR.
.LP
NB. The site names are abreviated in the example configuration file and appropriate
alternative short path names are provided as symbolic links on disk. These sites
could equally well have been written as "amharic-interpreter.com" "citylinux.com" etc.
provided that the paths are available e.g. "usr/local/web/amharic-interpreter.com".
.SH BUGS
The script has very little input error checking. The script is designed to be used
with 
.B cron
where the resolution of the symbolic hostname is predictable.  It is assumed
that
.B ssh 
keys have already been exchanged and that the connection will be non problematic.
.SH AUTHOR
Clifford W Fulford, City Linux. Contact fulford@fulford.net or call +44 (0)709 229 5385.

